config quickstart options
	   option name 'my_node'
	   option startpage 'basicInfo'
	   option complete 'false'
	   
config downloads errors
	   option 5 '/tmp/olsrd.conf'

config downloads configs
	   option commotion '/www/config/commotion.conf'

config sharing
	   option name "Public Access Point"
	   option value "pap"
	   option description "I would like to share a public access point."
	   option help "These access points have no password and allow anyone with a wifi-enabled device to user your node to access the network."

config sharing
	   option name "Secure Access Point"
	   option value "sap"
	   option description "I would like to share a secure access point."
	   option help "A secure access point allows any user with the password to use your network. Be sure to use a new password for node user accounts."

config sharing
	    option name "Gateway Sharing"
		option value "gate"
		option description "I would like to share my Internet access."
		option help "This option allows others to use your node as a gateway to the Internet."

config sharing
	   option name "Local Applications"
	   option value "apps"
	   option description "I would like my node to advertise local applications."
	   option help "This option allows you to create an application page, allowing others to see services running on nodes near yours."

config sharing
	   option name "Network Key"
	   option value "key"
	   option description "I would like to secure my network with a key."
	   option help "This option allows you to upload or create a key that will be required for any other node to communicate with yours. This will also prevent you from communicating with other devices that do not have the same key."

config sharing
	   option name "Captive Portal"
	   option value "cptv"
	   option description "I would like to use a captive portal on my node."
	   option help "A captive portal requires users to click through a web page before using other network services. This is a good place for you to set your expectations of users of your node."